simulate observations (#172)
LAMPSPUC/StateSpaceModels.jl: docs/src/examples.md

plot!(plt, dates, expected_value, label = "Forecast")
```

> StateSpaceModels.jl also enables generating scenarios for the forecasting horizon

Reviewer: ```suggestion
StateSpaceModels.jl also enables simulating multiple scenarios for the forecasting horizon based on the estimated distributions.
```
